It seems I’ve heard a significant secret.
Tell me what exactly happened.
Why would you give up even public authority?
In a month,
it will be the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet.
The new palace ladies don’t have the skills.
I asked the Upper Garment Bureau to make some clothes.
They actually said they didn’t have enough staff.
They’re so bold.
These insolent servants should have their heads chopped off.
Hmph.
Does His Majesty know why there aren’t enough people?
I have a bad premonition.
The palace ladies told me
that half of the embroidery from the Upper Garment Bureau
is for the Phoenix Coronation Gown.
The other half is for the Landscape of the Great Nation.
Is that so?
These two tasks?
All are His Majesty’s orders.
Naturally, I have no objections.
I can only go wherever it’s cool.
Mm, blame me.
Don’t be angry; I’ll resolve this matter immediately.
How did I not notice before
that the Empress speaks so sarcastically?
Well,
it’s also my fault for not investigating thoroughly beforehand.
But the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet
concerns the face of our Great Liang Kingdom.
Your Majesty,
it would be best to recruit a batch of embroiderers from the common people.
I will follow your orders.
Then replace the head of the Upper Garment Bureau.
Replace them all.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Then
you’re not angry with me anymore?
It’s my fault for being unreasonable.
I won’t call you the dog emperor again.
I don’t want to hear apologies.
After the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet,
you should consider the matter of serving in bed.
Oh no, His Majesty seems to be clinging to me.
Your Highness, it’s bad.
The head of the Upper Garment Bureau was taken away by the Department of Justice.
And they’ve ordered a broad recruitment of embroiderers from the common people.
How did this happen?
I heard that Concubine Rong caused a huge commotion in the Yangxin Hall.
Su Qingyu,
I’m going to kill him.